Full name is LeBron Raymone James. Son of Gloria James. Married his high school sweetheart Savannah Brinson on Sept. 14, 2013. Has two sons (LeBron James Jr. and Bryce Maximus James) and one daughter (Zhuri Nova James). Launched the LeBron James Family Foundation in 2004 with a mission to positively affect the lives of children and young adults through education and co-curricular educational initiatives. Received the NAACP Jackie Robinson Sports Award in January 2017, which is presented to individuals in sports for their high achievement in athletics and contributions in the pursuit of social justice, civil rights and community involvement. Is very active in Hollywood and has executively produced shows or sitcoms on networks such as HBO, Starz, CNBC and NBC. In 2015, he played himself in the Judd Apatow film Trainwreck. His production company, SpringHill Entertainment, was named after the public housing complex where James grew up in Akron, Ohio. James’ digital video company, Uninterrupted, is hosted on Bleacher Report and is used by several other athletes. Elected as vice president of the National Basketball Players Association on Feb. 13, 2015. In July 2018, in partnership with the Akron Public Schools, opened the I Promise School, a public elementary school in his hometown of Akron, Ohio, that is aimed at providing a quality education and other resources to at-risk children. In 2011, the LeBron James Family Foundation launched its pillar program, “Wheels for Education”, with its mission to improve graduation rates in Akron, this groundbreaking initiative targets third graders and provides them with the programs, support and mentors they need for success in school. Through his Foundation, he also delivered on his promise to his high school alma mater, St. Vincent-St. Mary, to rebuild the gymnasium and outfit all student-athletes with brand new Nike uniforms. In 2012, he pledged $1 million to renovate his old stomping grounds at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School as the completion of The LeBron James Arena had its ceremonial grand opening on December 14, 2013. He and his Foundation also work regularly with the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, renovating a local Boys and Girls Club in every All-Star host city each year, an initiative that began in 2008 in New Orleans and continues today … In September 2008, More Than a Game, executive produced by LeBron James and Maverick Carter, debuted at the Toronto Film Festival, finishing up as runner-up to the eventual Academy Award winner Slumdog Millionaire … Released in October 2009, the film chronicles LeBron and his teammates at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School and their seven-year journey which culminated with a national high school championship … Co-authored the book Shooting Stars with Buzz Bissinger which was released in 2009 and chronicled the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School team that overcame adversity to fulfill their dream … Hosted Saturday Night Live on Sept. 29, 2007 and co-hosted the 15th Annual ESPY Awards on July 11, 2007. Grew up idolizing Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls and is a fan of the New York Yankees and the Dallas Cowboys. Wore No. 23 in high school and the first seven years of his NBA career as a tribute to Jordan. Led St. Vincent-St. Mary High School to three state championships and was named the consensus 2003 National High School Player of the Year. Was named PARADE magazine’s High School Boys Player of the Year as both a junior and senior to become the first repeat winner. Won Ohio’s Mr. Basketball Award his final three seasons, becoming the first sophomore to earn the honor. Also played football in high school through his junior year before giving it up to concentrate on basketball. Was named First Team All-State as a wide receiver his sophomore year. Wears size 16 sneakers